Why Pray for Rain?
=================
“Ask the Lord for rain in the time of the latter rain.
The Lord will make flashing clouds; He will give them
showers of rain, grass in the field for everyone.” Zech.
10:1
“Let Christians ask in faith for the promised blessing,
and it will come. The outpouring of the Spirit in the
days of the apostles was the former rain, and glorious was
the result. But the latter rain will be more abundant.”
Evangelism, p. 701
“If my people who are called by my name will humble
themselves, and pray and seek My face, and turn from
their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and
will forgive their sin and heal their land.” 2 Chron. 7:14
“There is nothing that Satan fears so much as that
the people of God shall clear the way by removing
every hindrance, so that the Lord can pour out His
Spirit upon a languishing church and an impenitent
congregation.” Messages to Young People, p. 133
“We should pray as earnestly for the descent of the
Holy Spirit as the disciples prayed on the Day of
Pentecost. If they needed it at that time, we need it
more today. Moral darkness, like a funeral pall, covers
the earth. All manner of false doctrines, heresies, and
satanic deceptions are misleading the minds of men.
Without the Spirit and power of God it will be in vain
that we labor to present the truth.” Testimonies to the
Church, vol. 5, p. 158
Praying for Rain.indd 1 2/24/14 5:05 PM
2
“A revival of true godliness among us is the greatest
and most urgent of all our needs. To seek this should
be our first work. There must be earnest effort to
obtain the blessing of the Lord, not because God is not
willing to bestow His blessing upon us, but because we
are unprepared to receive it. . . . [It] is our work, by
confession, humiliation, repentance, and earnest prayer
to fulfill the conditions upon which God has promised
to grant us His blessing. A revival need be expected
only in answer to prayer.” Selected Messages, bk. 1, p.
121
“God has instructed me that our workers need to
experience the deep moving of the Spirit of God;
many are in need of a fuller conversion. On the day of
Pentecost, in response to the continued prayers of the
disciples, the Holy Spirit descended from heaven with
the sound as of a rushing mighty wind. For ages the
heavenly influences had been held in restraint; but in
response to the fervent prayers of these humble men,
they descended with power to co-operate with human
agencies. Then what confessions came forth from
human lips, what humiliation of soul was manifested.
And what songs of praise and thanksgiving mingled
with the voice of penitence and confession. All heaven
bent to listen to the lowly seekers after God.” The Kress
Collection, p. 31
“A chain of earnest, praying believers should encircle
the world. Let all pray in humility. . . . Let those who
cannot leave home gather in their children, and unite
in learning to pray together. . . . In response to the
prayers of God’s people, angels are sent with heavenly
blessings.” Reflecting Christ, p. 121
