Why United Prayer?
=================
“Again I say to you that if two of you agree on earth
concerning anything that they ask, it will be done for
them by My Father in heaven. For where two or three
are gathered together in My name, I am there in the
midst of them.” Matt. 18:19, 20
“We are encouraged to pray for success, with the
divine assurance that our prayers will be heard and
answered. . . . The promise is made on the condition
that the united prayers of the church are offered, and
in answer to these prayers, there may be expected a
power greater than that which comes in answer to
private prayer. The power given will be proportionate
to the unity of the members and their love for God and
for one another.” Manuscript Releases, vol. 9, p. 303
(Letter 32, 1903, p. 5)
“Precious promise! Do we believe it? What marvelous
results would appear if the united prayers of this
company were to ascend to God in living faith!”
Evangelism, p. 414
“When the message of truth was first proclaimed,
how much we prayed. How often was the voice of
intercession heard in the chamber, in the barn, in
the orchard, or the grove. Frequently we spent hours
in earnest prayer, two or three together claiming the
promise; often the sound of weeping was heard and
then the voice of thanksgiving and the song of praise.
Now the day of God is nearer than when we first
believed, and we should be more earnest, more zealous,
and more fervent than in those early days.” Testimonies
to the Church, vol. 5, p. 161
Praying for Rain.indd 3 2/24/14 5:05 PM
4
“Now when the Day of Pentecost had fully come, they
were all with one accord in one place.” Acts 2:1
“Brethren should stand shoulder to shoulder, uniting
their prayers at the throne of grace, that they may
move the arm of the Omnipotent. Heaven and earth
will then be closely connected in the work, and there
will be joy and gladness in the presence of the angels
of God, when the lost sheep is found and restored.”
Fundamentals of Christian Education, p. 210
“And so it was, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel
prevailed; and when he let down his hand, Amalek
prevailed. But Moses’ hands became heavy. . . . And
Aaron and Hur supported his hands.” Exod. 17:11, 12
“Those who meet together for prayer will receive
an unction from the Holy One. There is great need
of secret prayer, but there is also need that several
Christians meet together and unite with earnestness
their petitions to God.” In Heavenly Places, p. 91
“In every church there should be stated seasons for
united prayer for the advancement of this work. Let all
be united, having a specific object for their faith and
entreaties.” Historical Sketches of the Foreign Missions of the
Seventh-day Adventists, p. 294
“These all continued with one accord in prayer and
supplication, with the women and Mary the mother of
Jesus, and with His brothers.” Acts 1:14
The goal of united prayer is to come into one accord
so the Holy Spirit can fill us. In addition, we’ve been
instructed to pray unitedly so God’s power can be
unleashed and the Great Controversy finally ended.
